Docs: note about required Windows Python x86-64 (#4060)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Installation.md

### Install **Python 3.6.1** or Higher

We recommend [installing](https://www.python.org/downloads/) Python 3.6 or 3.7.

> Be aware that under Windows the TensorFlow package needs **Python x86-64**, so do not install the 32 bit version, but the x86-64 one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Windows, please install the x86-64 version, not the x86.
```
